README.md, before:

# 03 JavaScript: Password Generator

## Description

The is randomly generated.

## User Story

```
AS AN employee with access to sensitive data
I WANT to randomly generate a password that meets certain criteria
SO THAT I can create a strong password that provides greater security
```

## Acceptance Criteria

```
GIVEN I need a new, secure password
WHEN I click the button to generate a password
THEN I am presented with a series of prompts for password criteria
WHEN prompted for password criteria
THEN I select which criteria to include in the password
WHEN prompted for the length of the password
THEN I choose a length of at least 8 characters and no more than 128 characters
WHEN asked for character types to include in the password
THEN I confirm whether or not to include lowercase, uppercase, numeric, and/or special characters
WHEN I answer each prompt
THEN my input should be validated and at least one character type should be selected
WHEN all prompts are answered
THEN a password is generated that matches the selected criteria
WHEN the password is generated
THEN the password is either displayed in an alert or written to the page
```
## Tech used

* HTML
* CSS
* Java Script



## Mock-Up

The following image shows the web application's appearance and functionality:

![The Password Generator application displays a red button to "Generate Password".]![nnn](assets/ScreenShot.png)

Commit message:

script.js, index.html,readme files modified

README.md, after:

# 03 JavaScript: Password Generator

## Description

This app will run in the browser and will feature dynamically updated HTML and CSS powered by JavaScript code that you write.
Password will be randomly generated.

## User Story

```
AS AN employee with access to sensitive data
I WANT to randomly generate a password that meets certain criteria
SO THAT I can create a strong password that provides greater security
```

## Acceptance Criteria

```
GIVEN I need a new, secure password
WHEN I click the button to generate a password
THEN I am presented with a series of prompts for password criteria
WHEN prompted for password criteria
THEN I select which criteria to include in the password
WHEN prompted for the length of the password
THEN I choose a length of at least 8 characters and no more than 128 characters
WHEN asked for character types to include in the password
THEN I confirm whether or not to include lowercase, uppercase, numeric, and/or special characters
WHEN I answer each prompt
THEN my input should be validated and at least one character type should be selected
WHEN all prompts are answered
THEN a password is generated that matches the selected criteria
WHEN the password is generated
THEN the password is either displayed in an alert or written to the page
```
## Tech used

* HTML
* CSS
* Java Script



## Mock-Up

The following image shows the web application's appearance and functionality:

![The Password Generator application displays a red button to "Generate Password".](assets/ScreenShot.png)
